hey what's going on my house and GS on
the e 1 15 project to welcome back to in
this video I'm going to show you how to
get creative mode online after the patch
and if you could leave a like that'd be
amazing so first off you want to go
online and go to money and services go
to the maze bank click main menu and go
on withdraw you want to withdraw as much
money out of your account as possible so
you're left with not enough to buy an
apartment so you don't have to take up
that much just probably take out so
you've only got like 50 grand left then
you want to go to the actual website
herbs on the wrong page then but you
want to go to the dynasty website and
then click on any apartment that you
haven't already and well they don't
already own go on to it and then click
purchase property when this happens it
will say that you have insufficient
funds you want to press pause and then
you want to press a really quickly or on
ps4 you want to press pause then you
want to press X really quickly you don't
want to online and go on to the Creator
beta menu once you've done this you want
to go and create a death match I was at
the screen for some reason don't know if
everyone will be but you want to go on
create def match and then go on to death
match and then it should load up here
and the next thing you should see after
you're on this screen is it will go into
the xbox games store then you just want
to press B or circle to back out of that
and then you'll be here then you want to
click on placement in place lobby
trigger and once you have done that you
will be able to like walk around and
stuff so you want to change your camera
angle by pressing the back button or
select on Pierce free I think and then
you will be able to walk around play
stuff down if your friends aren't in
your game then you can just invite them
in but they should be in your game
anyway just if not they you can invite
him the good thing about this is your
friends can actually see the objects
that you place down once you've placed
it down you want to pick up again and
then press B or circle depending on what
console you're on and then your friend
will be able to see the object the app
lets the only way they can see the
object you can't actually see the cars
and helicopters and weapons that you get
what that you place down your friends
can't see them but if you place down any
object then your friends will be able to
see those so I'm placing this card down
here by doing the method where you place
down you pick up and then you press B to
cancel the pickup bit and then your
friends should be able to see them but
unfortunately with cars it does not work
you can do this with any object that is
in the like props like section so as you
see I'm going on to like dynamic stuff
placing that down picking it up and then
press B and then he can see that one and
then I place down other stuff as well
you will see the other prospective of
like say chaotic was doing it in like
that's what I was doing it with he does
it and then I can see him do it you can
also teleport around the map by pressing
start going onto the map and placing a
waypoint and where you want to go like
normal but when you push a on the
controller to place the Waypoint you
teleport to that like area so it's quite
a cool trick to do it from do it to
troll people as you see I'm trying to
box in chaotic here by placing these
things don't always a very good at it
but I tried my bestie managed to get out
anyway but if you enjoyed this and leave
a like and drop the comments down below
tell me what you think of this if you
want to come follow me on Twitter and
become part of a 115 army then you can
there is a link in the description below
so here at the part where you teleport
I'm in the front end k Ike's in the back
I just thought i'd drive around for a
little bit che some shit and then you
press Start and I go to the airport and
press a as soon as I press it boom i
teleport there if it's far away it will
take a little bit too loud as you see
there but it won't take too long and
whoever is in the vehicle with you will
be teleported to like with you if that
makes sense so if you get a vehicle that
can hold more than four people and you
can do that so here's the perspective of
me watching ke itse things just spawning
out and know where he's doing the thing
where he places it down he picked it up
and then he presses be to cancel the
pickup and then I can see the stuff so
unfortunate doesn't work with vehicles
but you can have some fun this we ended
up taking a bow up to Mount chiliad and
then riding down actually up on a boat
so thanks for watching hope you enjoyed
it and I'll see you guys next time
bizzle